docs/classes/week_03.md, before:

# Online Reputation

## Required Readings

Parts of these readings and themes from them will be covered in the video lecture.

* [The Dynamics of Seller Reputation: Evidence from Ebay][rep-ebay]
* [Promotional reviews: An empirical investigation of online review manipulation](https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2304)
* [Measuring and Managing the Externality of Managerial Responses to Online Customer Reviews][chen-etal]

<!-- This book is a "go-to" for text analytics:

* [Tidy Text Mining with R][tidytext]
    * Chapters 1, 2 and 3 -->

## Video Lecture

Coming Soon
<!-- :fontawesome-brands-youtube: [Videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAfmk5pdo3Y&list=PL9QkA7C7GRGWMs3VSegVwo1SriQ5NbrQ1) -->

<!-- * [Weekly Overview][week-overview] -->
<!-- * [Slides: Online Reputation][lecture-slides-03] -->
<!---* Videos as a [playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4c4-v1ZMeE&list=PL9QkA7C7GRGVPT7CpH90Y8Om79iA26grc) -->

## Computing Lecture

Coming Soon 
<!-- * Intro to Text Analytics ([Git Hub Repo][computing-lecture]) -->
<!-- * Code similar to what we did live in class [here][computing-lecture-solution] -->

## Lab Section

Coming Soon 

## Lab Assignment

Coming Soon 

<!-- * [Link][lab-03] to GitHub repository  -->
<!-- * [Suggested Solutions][lab-03-s] -->

## Additional Readings

These readings are optional, and designed to give interested students a place to look for some further information.

* [Reputation and Regulations: Evidence from eBay][rep-ebay2]
* [Fake It Till You Make It: Reputation, Competition, and Yelp Review Fraud][fake-yelp]
* [Online Reputation Management: Estimating the Impact of Management Responses on Consumer Reviews][orm-zervas] 
    * Part of Group Assignment 1 is based on this paper
* [Channels of Impact: User reviews when quality is dynamic and managers respond][orm-chev]
* [The Squeaky Wheel Gets the Grease—An Empirical Analysis of Customer Voice and Firm Intervention on Twitter][orm-cv]
    * This paper is quite a tough read due to the relatively complicated modelling

[rep-ebay]: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/j.1467-6451.2010.00405.x
[rep-ebay2]: https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/pdf/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2323
[fake-yelp]: https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2304
[orm-zervas]: https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/10.1287/mksc.2017.1043
[orm-chev]: https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mksc.2018.1090
[orm-cv]: https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mksc.2015.0912
[chen-etal]: https://repository.arizona.edu/bitstream/handle/10150/632181/2%20ISR-MR-Paper.pdf?sequence=1
[tidytext]: https://www.tidytextmining.com/

[lab-03]: https://github.com/tisem-digital-marketing/smwa-lab-03
[lab-03-s]: ../assets/labs/lab-03_solution.pdf
[lecture-slides-03]: ../assets/lectures/week-03/week-03-slides.pdf
[week-overview]: ../assets/lectures/week-03/week-03-overview.pdf
[computing-lecture]: https://github.com/tisem-digital-marketing/smwa-computing-lecture-intro-text
[computing-lecture-solution]: https://github.com/tisem-digital-marketing/smwa-computing-lecture-intro-text/tree/instructor

Commit message:

move around material for week 3

docs/classes/week_03.md, after:

# Online Reputation

## Required Readings

Parts of these readings and themes from them will be covered in the video lecture.

* [The Dynamics of Seller Reputation: Evidence from Ebay][rep-ebay]
* [Promotional reviews: An empirical investigation of online review manipulation](https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2304)
* [Measuring and Managing the Externality of Managerial Responses to Online Customer Reviews][chen-etal]

<!-- This book is a "go-to" for text analytics:

* [Tidy Text Mining with R][tidytext]
    * Chapters 1, 2 and 3 -->

## Video Lecture

Coming Soon
<!-- :fontawesome-brands-youtube: [Videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAfmk5pdo3Y&list=PL9QkA7C7GRGWMs3VSegVwo1SriQ5NbrQ1) -->

* [Slides: Weekly Overview][week-overview]
* [Slides: Online Reputation][lecture-slides-03]

## Computing Lecture

Coming Soon 
<!-- * Intro to Text Analytics ([Git Hub Repo][computing-lecture]) -->
<!-- * Code similar to what we did live in class [here][computing-lecture-solution] -->

## Lab Section

Marketing Analytics in the Wild

> TikTok’s User Experience team is worried about the amount of lurkers on their platform and wants to design a new strategy to get them to engage with or post content. Propose a potential strategy that could lead to increases in either form of engagement by lurkers along with an empirical strategy to test whether the strategy is effective.

## Lab Assignment

* [Link][lab-02] to GitHub repository 
    * Questions with an answer template contained in repo
<!-- * [Partial Solutions][lab-02-s]  -->

<!-- * [Link][lab-03] to GitHub repository  -->
<!-- * [Suggested Solutions][lab-03-s] -->

## Additional Readings

These readings are optional, and designed to give interested students a place to look for some further information.

* [Reputation and Regulations: Evidence from eBay][rep-ebay2]
* [Fake It Till You Make It: Reputation, Competition, and Yelp Review Fraud][fake-yelp]
* [Online Reputation Management: Estimating the Impact of Management Responses on Consumer Reviews][orm-zervas] 
    * Part of Group Assignment 1 is based on this paper
* [Channels of Impact: User reviews when quality is dynamic and managers respond][orm-chev]
* [The Squeaky Wheel Gets the Grease—An Empirical Analysis of Customer Voice and Firm Intervention on Twitter][orm-cv]
    * This paper is quite a tough read due to the relatively complicated modelling

[rep-ebay]: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/j.1467-6451.2010.00405.x
[rep-ebay2]: https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/pdf/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2323
[fake-yelp]: https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2304
[orm-zervas]: https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/10.1287/mksc.2017.1043
[orm-chev]: https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mksc.2018.1090
[orm-cv]: https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/abs/10.1287/mksc.2015.0912
[chen-etal]: https://repository.arizona.edu/bitstream/handle/10150/632181/2%20ISR-MR-Paper.pdf?sequence=1
[tidytext]: https://www.tidytextmining.com/

[lab-02]: https://github.com/tisem-digital-marketing/smwa-lab-02
[lab-02-s]: ../assets/labs/lab-02_solution.pdf

[lab-03]: https://github.com/tisem-digital-marketing/smwa-lab-03
[lab-03-s]: ../assets/labs/lab-03_solution.pdf
[lecture-slides-03]: ../assets/lectures/week-03/week-03-slides.pdf
[week-overview]: ../assets/lectures/week-03/week-03-overview.pdf
[computing-lecture]: https://github.com/tisem-digital-marketing/smwa-computing-lecture-intro-text
[computing-lecture-solution]: https://github.com/tisem-digital-marketing/smwa-computing-lecture-intro-text/tree/instructor
